projects/palm-springs-trip.md, before:

# Palm Springs Trip

<img src="https://drupal-prod.visitcalifornia.com/sites/default/files/styles/opengraph_1200x630/public/palmsprings_1280x642.jpg.webp?itok=EdRS2Zil" width="400">

**Dates:** September 4-12, 2025  
**Status:** Planning  
**Budget:** $2,500  

## Overview

Lou Sanfelice will be housesitting for his friend Julian DiCiurcio and his husband  at:

38341 Bogert Trail
Palm Springs CA 92264

I hoped to join him 8/29-9/12, but I have an orthopedic appointment on 9/3, so I'm going for 9/4-12 instead. We will have use of Julian's car, so we don't need to arrange for housing or transportation.

## Key Dates

- **Book by:** August 15 (for best rates)
- **Departure:** September 4, 2025 (morning flight preferred)
- **Return:** September 12, 2025 (evening flight)
- **Hotel check-in:** September 4, 3:00 PM PST
- **Hotel check-out:** September 12, 11:00 AM PST

## Tasks

### Planning Phase

- [ ] Book flights (FLL to PSP)
	- [ ] Try to use my Virgin Red points is possible, or book through Chase
- [x] Reserve hotel/Airbnb (prefer pool access)
- [x] Rent car or arrange transport
- [ ] Research restaurants
- [ ] Check event calendar for September
- [x] Coordinate with Lou on preferences

### Pre-Trip (1 week before)

- [ ] Arrange house/room coverage
- [x] Stop mail delivery
- [ ] Prep guest rooms for any bookings
- [ ] Pack summer clothes (hot in September!)
- [ ] Refill prescriptions
- [x] Download offline maps

### During Trip

- [ ] Daily pool time (mornings before heat)
- [ ] Try 3 new restaurants
- [ ] Visit Desert Art Museum
- [ ] Thursday Street Fair (if happening)
- [ ] Aerial Tramway (if weather permits)

## Budget Breakdown

- **Flights:** $600 (both people)
- **Accommodation:** $1,200 (8 nights)
- **Car/Transport:** $300
- **Food/Dining:** $300
- **Activities:** $100

## Notes

- September is still hot (100°F+) - plan indoor activities for afternoons
- Book dinner reservations in advance for popular spots
- Consider travel insurance given hurricane season
- Pack sunscreen SPF 50+

## Related Files

- `notes/daily/2025-08-11-*.md` - Initial planning discussions
- `notes/tasks/tasks.md` - Related tasks

## Status Updates

### 2025-08-12

- Created project file
- Decided on dates: Sept 4-12
- Next: Book flights this week

Commit message:

Update daily review and Palm Springs trip details; add evening tasks and confirm housesitting arrangements

projects/palm-springs-trip.md, after:

# Palm Springs Trip

<img src="https://drupal-prod.visitcalifornia.com/sites/default/files/styles/opengraph_1200x630/public/palmsprings_1280x642.jpg.webp?itok=EdRS2Zil" width="400">

**Dates:** September 4-12, 2025  
**Status:** Planning  
**Budget:** $2,500  

## Overview

Lou Sanfelice will be housesitting for his friend Julian DiCiurcio and his husband  at:

38341 Bogert Trail
Palm Springs CA 92264

I hoped to join him 8/29-9/12, but I have an orthopedic appointment on 9/3, so I'm going for 9/4-12 instead. Lou will be there before and after my visit. I'll be traveling alone but staying with him at Julian's house. We will have use of Julian's car, so we don't need to arrange for housing or transportation.

Vince Gartland will be housesitting for me September 3-13 (covering the trip dates plus a buffer day on each end). He will look after my cat Buster and manage my two Airbnb guest rooms.

## Key Dates

- **Book by:** August 15 (for best rates)
- **Departure:** September 4, 2025 (morning flight preferred)
- **Return:** September 12, 2025 (evening flight)
- **Arrival at Julian's:** September 4
- **Departure from Julian's:** September 12

## Tasks

### Planning Phase

- [ ] Book flights (FLL to PSP)
	- [ ] Try to use my Virgin Red points is possible, or book through Chase
- [x] Accommodation arranged (staying at Julian's house)
- [x] Transportation arranged (using Julian's car)
- [ ] Research restaurants
- [ ] Check event calendar for September
- [x] Decided to go (traveling alone, staying with Lou at Julian's)

### Pre-Trip (1 week before)

- [x] Arrange house/room coverage (Vince Gartland confirmed)
- [ ] Prepare instructions for Vince about:
  - [ ] Buster's care and feeding
  - [ ] Airbnb guest room management
  - [ ] Emergency contacts
- [ ] Stop mail delivery
- [ ] Prep guest rooms for any bookings
- [ ] Pack summer clothes (hot in September!)
- [ ] Refill prescriptions
- [ ] Download offline maps

### During Trip

- [ ] Daily pool time (mornings before heat)
- [ ] Try 3 new restaurants
- [ ] Visit Desert Art Museum
- [ ] Thursday Street Fair (if happening)
- [ ] Aerial Tramway (if weather permits)

## Budget Breakdown

- **Flights:** $300 (solo travel)
- **Accommodation:** $0 (staying at Julian's)
- **Car/Transport:** $0 (using Julian's car)
- **Food/Dining:** $300
- **Activities:** $100

## Notes

- September is still hot (100°F+) - plan indoor activities for afternoons
- Book dinner reservations in advance for popular spots
- Consider travel insurance given hurricane season
- Pack sunscreen SPF 50+

## Related Files

- `notes/daily/2025-08-11-*.md` - Initial planning discussions
- `notes/tasks/tasks.md` - Related tasks

## Status Updates

### 2025-08-12

- Created project file
- Decided on dates: Sept 4-12
- Next: Book flights this week

### 2025-08-13

- Vince Gartland confirmed to housesit Sept 3-13 (covers trip plus buffer)
- Will care for Buster and manage Airbnb rooms
- Confirmed: Going to Palm Springs, traveling alone
- URGENT: Book flight TODAY/TOMORROW (Aug 15 deadline for best rates)!
