notes/tasks/tasks.md, before:

## General Tasks

- [ ] Add Ron Goodale to E6W <!-- task-id: daabda5f0c6b468e6da561edebf277fc -->
- [ ] Add pre-commit linting to both repositories (see Instapaper) <!-- task-id: 57008be86f11fd6debdfc95800042282 -->
- [ ] Do Apple Fitness+ Workouts <!-- task-id: 6132b24239c128c0d675d299c0a706fe -->
- [ ] Do Tai Chi Standing, 4m <!-- task-id: 94ed4f34c6ee292cafb576544574be44 -->
- [ ] Read Offline, 2m 30s <!-- task-id: d2bc570f29e498793c994b5684a531e4 -->
- [ ] Read Saved Articles, 2m 30s <!-- task-id: 1c4fae6322931fe4b8afaca430a31290 -->
- [ ] Test fast read operations <!-- task-id: 9547ff8f4e9d84f452e9573b78fb5205 -->
- [ ] Test task from CLI <!-- task-id: a03926a4e26f59526d2258be9701afe9 -->
- [ ] Testing Turso sync 1755282631 <!-- task-id: 54285b7de4314f415a3085ec136ae93f -->
- [ ] Use The Inversion Table <!-- task-id: 6afa8657ee1436273c9a98f15842208d -->
- [ ] check that zazen calendar entries are appearing in today <!-- task-id: e4360fb66d9e8710ad206f836cfa4f51 -->
- [ ] remove Notion fields from our tasks database when we're through with them <!-- task-id: 5f754a1d827657061295727031997a41 -->
- [ ] schedule lunch with Ron Goodale <!-- task-id: 9570de71591a9c1ecf544a873530b541 -->
- [ ] start adding OGM daily notes to Today <!-- task-id: 1c334a399474281280b9d6063707f6da -->
- [ ] ♥︎ Activity Rings <!-- task-id: ef28519d5cbe0bbc53d4cbc5b2acc82a -->
- [ ] ♥︎ Burn More Energy <!-- task-id: 1cdfbe413038bcf638e5da10470cd54e -->
- [ ] ♥︎ Exercise for 30 Minutes <!-- task-id: 46766dce4ea64658ee18c77447e42e94 -->
- [ ] ♥︎ Mindful Minutes, 40m <!-- task-id: 6971b8f62d46149eaf84210ce9393d8c -->
- [ ] ♥︎ Tai Chi, 1m <!-- task-id: 12dfb9b09e50ecad43c485914fd9d4b7 -->
- [ ] ♥︎ Walk 5,500 Steps <!-- task-id: a0fa700e90405a27f96c0bbe7b88f990 -->
- [ ] Fix Chronological Sorting Of The Events Index <!-- task-id: 1cbf93ccd5c10219136f15d0cc307463 -->
- [ ] Check the fridge water lines <!-- task-id: 197d008fdf3afdac370906200c86ed65 -->
- [ ] Sell the exercise bike <!-- task-id: 66f5be4259e24e3521f1c207fe71535b -->
- [ ] Use the Virgin Red points <!-- task-id: ee90848cb53900dff2ec05c6e4c51662 -->
- [ ] Check OGM discussion boards and chat room <!-- task-id: 0f6c1dcd050b103ef5bf11b7474a2c5c -->
- [ ] Daily standup meeting <!-- task-id: 8389a12f64cc1be3efdee93fd8d76b27 -->
- [ ] Daily standup meeting <!-- task-id: e00bdff6b3300ff3549d1f8d76bbfcb2 -->
- [ ] Daily standup meeting <!-- task-id: 3680daa75a815d4260e332500a663f97 -->
- [ ] Review and reply to OGM site messages <!-- task-id: 5211d9584a15d598e7f8a67e10036657 -->
- [ ] Send update notifications to OGM Patreon members <!-- task-id: ec674c830c1521b734ef63279e272956 -->
- [ ] Send update notifications to OGM regular members <!-- task-id: 9efce98186ea20a3d560b0d2809607e2 -->
- [ ] Write summary of recent OGM development work <!-- task-id: 3205534528fe6cf61b0a9ce9816d2cee -->

## Palm Springs Trip

- [ ] **Visit Don Schmoll and his husband Rich** (now living in Palm Springs!) <!-- task-id: b020901682ffd4f8c1cf861226340dc1 -->
- [ ] Aerial Tramway (if weather permits) <!-- task-id: 6fe51efe7e716b1e21ed9958d5227514 -->
- [ ] Check event calendar for September <!-- task-id: ff35a029d7185347a3d378b63a07afba -->
- [ ] Daily pool time (mornings before heat) <!-- task-id: de937b2c2b61229a7dab5c8a5b88c038 -->
- [ ] Download offline maps <!-- task-id: 45af7e529d292d1616103a6d3c236c12 -->
- [ ] Pack summer clothes (hot in September!) <!-- task-id: c8dd5d411e3bf4320e7759974319d203 -->
- [ ] Prepare instructions for Vince about: <!-- task-id: 0b9b8ff9e2265fb16fd5b3dcee788868 -->
- [ ] Refill prescriptions <!-- task-id: 981fd050eca3144eaa22d1331e051aa6 -->
- [ ] Research restaurants <!-- task-id: 1463d4f4dd402ebbf1ea9d15b37823c3 -->
- [ ] Thursday Street Fair (if happening) <!-- task-id: 83b59804719f1ad209b1c084623237ef -->
- [ ] Try 3 new restaurants <!-- task-id: 3b71663d17d838c9e75b630cd2eaa9fb -->
- [ ] Visit Desert Art Museum <!-- task-id: e4c2a3848c390a70d77c30fb8c75e1f3 -->

Commit message:

feat: enhance daily review task creation workflow and update task list for Airbnb guest preparation

notes/tasks/tasks.md, after:

## General Tasks

- [ ] Add Ron Goodale to E6W <!-- task-id: daabda5f0c6b468e6da561edebf277fc -->
- [ ] Add pre-commit linting to both repositories (see Instapaper) <!-- task-id: 57008be86f11fd6debdfc95800042282 -->
- [ ] Do Apple Fitness+ Workouts <!-- task-id: 6132b24239c128c0d675d299c0a706fe -->
- [ ] Do Tai Chi Standing, 4m <!-- task-id: 94ed4f34c6ee292cafb576544574be44 -->
- [ ] Read Offline, 2m 30s <!-- task-id: d2bc570f29e498793c994b5684a531e4 -->
- [ ] Read Saved Articles, 2m 30s <!-- task-id: 1c4fae6322931fe4b8afaca430a31290 -->
- [ ] Test fast read operations <!-- task-id: 9547ff8f4e9d84f452e9573b78fb5205 -->
- [ ] Test task from CLI <!-- task-id: a03926a4e26f59526d2258be9701afe9 -->
- [ ] Testing Turso sync 1755282631 <!-- task-id: 54285b7de4314f415a3085ec136ae93f -->
- [ ] Use The Inversion Table <!-- task-id: 6afa8657ee1436273c9a98f15842208d -->
- [ ] check that zazen calendar entries are appearing in today <!-- task-id: e4360fb66d9e8710ad206f836cfa4f51 -->
- [ ] remove Notion fields from our tasks database when we're through with them <!-- task-id: 5f754a1d827657061295727031997a41 -->
- [ ] schedule lunch with Ron Goodale <!-- task-id: 9570de71591a9c1ecf544a873530b541 -->
- [ ] start adding OGM daily notes to Today <!-- task-id: 1c334a399474281280b9d6063707f6da -->
- [ ] ♥︎ Activity Rings <!-- task-id: ef28519d5cbe0bbc53d4cbc5b2acc82a -->
- [ ] ♥︎ Burn More Energy <!-- task-id: 1cdfbe413038bcf638e5da10470cd54e -->
- [ ] ♥︎ Exercise for 30 Minutes <!-- task-id: 46766dce4ea64658ee18c77447e42e94 -->
- [ ] ♥︎ Mindful Minutes, 40m <!-- task-id: 6971b8f62d46149eaf84210ce9393d8c -->
- [ ] ♥︎ Tai Chi, 1m <!-- task-id: 12dfb9b09e50ecad43c485914fd9d4b7 -->
- [ ] ♥︎ Walk 5,500 Steps <!-- task-id: a0fa700e90405a27f96c0bbe7b88f990 -->
- [ ] Fix Chronological Sorting Of The Events Index <!-- task-id: 1cbf93ccd5c10219136f15d0cc307463 -->
- [ ] Check the fridge water lines <!-- task-id: 197d008fdf3afdac370906200c86ed65 -->
- [ ] Sell the exercise bike <!-- task-id: 66f5be4259e24e3521f1c207fe71535b -->
- [ ] Use the Virgin Red points <!-- task-id: ee90848cb53900dff2ec05c6e4c51662 -->
- [ ] Check OGM discussion boards and chat room <!-- task-id: 0f6c1dcd050b103ef5bf11b7474a2c5c -->
- [ ] Daily standup meeting <!-- task-id: 8389a12f64cc1be3efdee93fd8d76b27 -->
- [ ] Daily standup meeting <!-- task-id: e00bdff6b3300ff3549d1f8d76bbfcb2 -->
- [ ] Daily standup meeting <!-- task-id: 3680daa75a815d4260e332500a663f97 -->
- [ ] Review and reply to OGM site messages <!-- task-id: 5211d9584a15d598e7f8a67e10036657 -->
- [ ] Send update notifications to OGM Patreon members <!-- task-id: ec674c830c1521b734ef63279e272956 -->
- [ ] Send update notifications to OGM regular members <!-- task-id: 9efce98186ea20a3d560b0d2809607e2 -->
- [ ] Write summary of recent OGM development work <!-- task-id: 3205534528fe6cf61b0a9ce9816d2cee -->
- [ ] Check room temperature and lighting <!-- task-id: 82dccda2a5c1943aaa18555ad87ca408 -->
- [ ] Clean bathroom for Logan's arrival <!-- task-id: 93f57afd533521ae84225b9ef174ca68 -->
- [ ] Set out fresh towels and amenities <!-- task-id: 918e9c4f59c452c6a8daef3e4fc1e43e -->
- [ ] Strip bed and wash linens for Logan's arrival (8 PM) <!-- task-id: 30484c0d05841f4332fee7bc2e4513e0 -->
- [ ] Vacuum/sweep private suite floors <!-- task-id: b5d1e6d81bef6b4032bbb9e808d80e6c -->
- [ ] Write review for Shwet on Airbnb <!-- task-id: 70b4f93531e41035f20cd3020b6d7d05 -->

## Palm Springs Trip

- [ ] **Visit Don Schmoll and his husband Rich** (now living in Palm Springs!) <!-- task-id: b020901682ffd4f8c1cf861226340dc1 -->
- [ ] Aerial Tramway (if weather permits) <!-- task-id: 6fe51efe7e716b1e21ed9958d5227514 -->
- [ ] Check event calendar for September <!-- task-id: ff35a029d7185347a3d378b63a07afba -->
- [ ] Daily pool time (mornings before heat) <!-- task-id: de937b2c2b61229a7dab5c8a5b88c038 -->
- [ ] Download offline maps <!-- task-id: 45af7e529d292d1616103a6d3c236c12 -->
- [ ] Pack summer clothes (hot in September!) <!-- task-id: c8dd5d411e3bf4320e7759974319d203 -->
- [ ] Prepare instructions for Vince about: <!-- task-id: 0b9b8ff9e2265fb16fd5b3dcee788868 -->
- [ ] Refill prescriptions <!-- task-id: 981fd050eca3144eaa22d1331e051aa6 -->
- [ ] Research restaurants <!-- task-id: 1463d4f4dd402ebbf1ea9d15b37823c3 -->
- [ ] Thursday Street Fair (if happening) <!-- task-id: 83b59804719f1ad209b1c084623237ef -->
- [ ] Try 3 new restaurants <!-- task-id: 3b71663d17d838c9e75b630cd2eaa9fb -->
- [ ] Visit Desert Art Museum <!-- task-id: e4c2a3848c390a70d77c30fb8c75e1f3 -->
