notes/tasks/today.md, before:

# Today's Tasks

*Generated: 8/15/2025, 8:35:32 PM*

## 🟡 Medium

- [ ] Check the fridge water lines <!-- task-id: 197d008fdf3afdac370906200c86ed65 -->
- [ ] Use the Virgin Red points <!-- task-id: ee90848cb53900dff2ec05c6e4c51662 -->
- [ ] Sell the exercise bike <!-- task-id: 66f5be4259e24e3521f1c207fe71535b -->
- [ ] Review and reply to OGM site messages <!-- task-id: 5211d9584a15d598e7f8a67e10036657 -->
- [ ] Check OGM discussion boards and chat room <!-- task-id: 0f6c1dcd050b103ef5bf11b7474a2c5c -->
- [ ] Write summary of recent OGM development work <!-- task-id: 3205534528fe6cf61b0a9ce9816d2cee -->
- [ ] Send update notifications to OGM regular members <!-- task-id: 9efce98186ea20a3d560b0d2809607e2 -->
- [ ] Send update notifications to OGM Patreon members <!-- task-id: ec674c830c1521b734ef63279e272956 -->
- [ ] Daily standup meeting <!-- task-id: 8389a12f64cc1be3efdee93fd8d76b27 -->
- [ ] Daily standup meeting <!-- task-id: e00bdff6b3300ff3549d1f8d76bbfcb2 -->
- [ ] Daily standup meeting <!-- task-id: 3680daa75a815d4260e332500a663f97 -->

Commit message:

feat: enhance daily review task creation workflow and update task list for Airbnb guest preparation

notes/tasks/today.md, after:

# Today's Tasks

*Generated: 8/15/2025, 8:50:36 PM*

## 🔴 Critical

- [ ] Strip bed and wash linens for Logan's arrival (8 PM) <!-- task-id: 30484c0d05841f4332fee7bc2e4513e0 -->
- [ ] Clean bathroom for Logan's arrival <!-- task-id: 93f57afd533521ae84225b9ef174ca68 -->
- [ ] Vacuum/sweep private suite floors <!-- task-id: b5d1e6d81bef6b4032bbb9e808d80e6c -->
- [ ] Set out fresh towels and amenities <!-- task-id: 918e9c4f59c452c6a8daef3e4fc1e43e -->
- [ ] Check room temperature and lighting <!-- task-id: 82dccda2a5c1943aaa18555ad87ca408 -->
- [ ] Write review for Shwet on Airbnb <!-- task-id: 70b4f93531e41035f20cd3020b6d7d05 -->

## 🟡 Medium

- [ ] Check the fridge water lines <!-- task-id: 197d008fdf3afdac370906200c86ed65 -->
- [ ] Review and reply to OGM site messages <!-- task-id: 5211d9584a15d598e7f8a67e10036657 -->
- [ ] Check OGM discussion boards and chat room <!-- task-id: 0f6c1dcd050b103ef5bf11b7474a2c5c -->
- [ ] Write summary of recent OGM development work <!-- task-id: 3205534528fe6cf61b0a9ce9816d2cee -->
- [ ] Send update notifications to OGM regular members <!-- task-id: 9efce98186ea20a3d560b0d2809607e2 -->
- [ ] Send update notifications to OGM Patreon members <!-- task-id: ec674c830c1521b734ef63279e272956 -->
- [ ] Daily standup meeting <!-- task-id: 8389a12f64cc1be3efdee93fd8d76b27 -->
- [ ] Daily standup meeting <!-- task-id: e00bdff6b3300ff3549d1f8d76bbfcb2 -->
- [ ] Daily standup meeting <!-- task-id: 3680daa75a815d4260e332500a663f97 -->

## 🔵 Low

- [ ] Use the Virgin Red points <!-- task-id: ee90848cb53900dff2ec05c6e4c51662 -->
- [ ] Sell the exercise bike <!-- task-id: 66f5be4259e24e3521f1c207fe71535b -->
